Fix(mesh): policy versioning and structure (#5635)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_mesh_policies/external-services/index.md

  address: zone-2.httpbin.org:80
```

In this example, when [locality-aware load balancing](/mesh/policies/meshloadbalancingstrategy/) is enabled, if the service in the `zone-1` is trying to set connection with

> `httpbin.mesh` it will be redirected to `zone-1.httpbin.org:80`. Whereas the same request from the `zone-2` will be redirected to `zone-2.httpbin.org:80`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, when you enable [locality-aware load balancing](/mesh/policies/meshloadbalancingstrategy/), when the service in the `zone-1` tries to connect to `httpbin.mesh`, the data plane proxy routes the connection to `zone-1.httpbin.org:80`. The same request from the `zone-2` will be redirected to `zone-2.httpbin.org:80`.
```
